my staff are continuing to document
several other cases in which family
residences were destroyed with reported
loss of civilian life and in which
preliminary indication suggest not even
a single member of an armed group was
present then just two days ago on 21st
July shells hit the AL AA Hospital in
dear albella reportedly killing at least
three people and wounded dozens of
others including
doctors these are just a few instances
where there seems to be a strong
possibility that International humanit
humanitarian law has been violated in a
manner that could amount to war crimes
every one of these incidents must be
properly and independently
investigated